nestled at the base of Provo Canyon in
the prestigious Stonegate neighborhood
this enchanting Tuscan style home of
11,000 square feet provides plenty of
beautiful places to gather indoors and
out with seven bedrooms eight bathrooms
a theater room two kitchens and a
luxurious pool the home leaves nothing
to be desired the property sits on half
an acre with breathtaking views of mount
Timpanogos and the Wasatch mountain
range at first glance some of the
striking features include a tiered
fountain slate roof with complementing
copper gutters precast window surrounds
and a Juliet balcony the gorgeous yard
has something to offer for everyone
including a 44,000 gallon automated pool
with several waterfalls a slide and a
rock bridge additional amenities include
two covered patios a gazebo an automated
gas fire pit and a sizeable spar tub
upon entering the home one of the
prominent elements of the grand foyer is
the custom bronze railing surrounding
the curved staircase to the right is a
spacious dining room that provide a
beautiful setting for enjoying meals
with friends and family beyond the entry
is an elegant living room that boasts
barrel ceilings intricate crown moldings
and French doors leading to the secluded
backyard down the hall is a private
office that will inspire anyone with its
features and views the bay window
presents unparalleled views of majestic
mount Timpanogos
the main floor master suite is an ideal
sanctuary with a generous sitting area a
stone fireplace and a spa-like master
bath the oversized soaker tub luxurious
walk-in shower and private entry to the
hot tub patio create plenty of options
for rest and relaxation beyond the
living room are a welcoming kitchen a
family room with two-story ceilings
exposed beams and floor-to-ceiling
windows the spacious granite countertops
restaurant grade appliances and generous
storage space will make preparing meals
easy
the cozy adjacent family room is the
perfect place to relax before or after
any meal the three bedrooms located on
the second floor offer all of the
important amenities such as large
closets and ensuite bathrooms of equal
importance are the charming
architectural features that make each
space delightfully unique
a downstairs family room includes
everything essential to comfortable
gathering including a cozy fireplace a
built-in entertainment center a full
kitchen and a game room the comfortable
and spacious craft room features two
workstations and a full island the
delightful theater room showcases a huge
screen and surround sound tiered
reclining chairs make each seat the best
seat in the house and the box office
window and rope lighting create a
realistic atmosphere for every movie
goer additional impressive elements of
this property are an exercise room
several hand-painted murals a study loft
an automation room and generous cold
storage space the community amenities
include tennis basketball and volleyball
courts an infinity pool a park with a
waterfall a jogging path along the river
and 24/7 private security world-class
amenities are only minutes away from the
gated community including Robert Redford
Sundance Resort which is ten minutes up
the canyon
another nearby natural resource is
spectacular Bridal Veil Falls the park
near the Falls rests on the bank of the
Provo River and provides ample room for
outdoor activities the river's pristine
waters offer some of the most
outstanding fly-fishing in the state ten
minutes further up the canyon in the
southwest corner of Heber Valley is Deer
Creek State Park and reservoir as if
that weren't enough any one of the seven
exceptional ski resorts and many sites
from the 2002 Winter Olympics are all
within an hour drive of your front door
all of the indoor and outdoor luxuries
of this delightful property make it any
homeowners dream